c:\users\petko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PPProjectRESTService\PPProjectRESTService\bin\PPProjectRESTService.dll.config
c:\users\petko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PPProjectRESTService\PPProjectRESTService\bin\PPProjectRESTService.dll
c:\users\petko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PPProjectRESTService\PPProjectRESTService\bin\PPProjectRESTService.pdb
c:\users\petko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PPProjectRESTService\PPProjectRESTService\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\petko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PPProjectRESTService\PPProjectRESTService\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\petko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PPProjectRESTService\PPProjectRESTService\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\petko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PPProjectRESTService\PPProjectRESTService\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\petko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PPProjectRESTService\PPProjectRESTService\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\petko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PPProjectRESTService\PPProjectRESTService\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\petko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PPProjectRESTService\PPProjectRESTService\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\petko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PPProjectRESTService\PPProjectRESTService\bin\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\petko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PPProjectRESTService\PPProjectRESTService\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\petko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PPProjectRESTService\PPProjectRESTService\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.dll
c:\users\petko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PPProjectRESTService\PPProjectRESTService\bin\System.Web.Http.Tracing.dll
c:\users\petko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PPProjectRESTService\PPProjectRESTService\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\petko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PPProjectRESTService\PPProjectRESTService\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\petko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PPProjectRESTService\PPProjectRESTService\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\petko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PPProjectRESTService\PPProjectRESTService\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\petko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PPProjectRESTService\PPProjectRESTService\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\petko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PPProjectRESTService\PPProjectRESTService\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\petko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PPProjectRESTService\PPProjectRESTService\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\petko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PPProjectRESTService\PPProjectRESTService\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\petko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PPProjectRESTService\PPProjectRESTService\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\petko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PPProjectRESTService\PPProjectRESTService\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\petko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PPProjectRESTService\PPProjectRESTService\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\petko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PPProjectRESTService\PPProjectRESTService\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\petko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PPProjectRESTService\PPProjectRESTService\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\petko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PPProjectRESTService\PPProjectRESTService\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\petko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PPProjectRESTService\PPProjectRESTService\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\petko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PPProjectRESTService\PPProjectRESTService\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\petko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PPProjectRESTService\PPProjectRESTService\bin\System.Web.Http.Tracing.xml
c:\users\petko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PPProjectRESTService\PPProjectRESTService\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.xml
c:\users\petko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PPProjectRESTService\PPProjectRESTService\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
c:\users\petko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PPProjectRESTService\PPProjectRESTService\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
c:\users\petko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PPProjectRESTService\PPProjectRESTService\bin\System.Spatial.xml
c:\users\petko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PPProjectRESTService\PPProjectRESTService\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\petko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PPProjectRESTService\PPProjectRESTService\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\petko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PPProjectRESTService\PPProjectRESTService\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\petko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PPProjectRESTService\PPProjectRESTService\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\petko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PPProjectRESTService\PPProjectRESTService\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\petko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PPProjectRESTService\PPProjectRESTService\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\petko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PPProjectRESTService\PPProjectRESTService\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\petko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PPProjectRESTService\PPProjectRESTService\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\petko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PPProjectRESTService\PPProjectRESTService\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\petko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PPProjectRESTService\PPProjectRESTService\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\petko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PPProjectRESTService\PPProjectRESTService\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\petko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PPProjectRESTService\PPProjectRESTService\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\petko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PPProjectRESTService\PPProjectRESTService\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\petko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PPProjectRESTService\PPProjectRESTService\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\petko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PPProjectRESTService\PPProjectRESTService\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\petko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PPProjectRESTService\PPProjectRESTService\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\petko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PPProjectRESTService\PPProjectRESTService\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\petko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PPProjectRESTService\PPProjectRESTService\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\petko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PPProjectRESTService\PPProjectRESTService\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\petko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PPProjectRESTService\PPProjectRESTService\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\petko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PPProjectRESTService\PPProjectRESTService\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\petko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PPProjectRESTService\PPProjectRESTService\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\petko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PPProjectRESTService\PPProjectRESTService\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\petko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PPProjectRESTService\PPProjectRESTService\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\petko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PPProjectRESTService\PPProjectRESTService\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\petko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PPProjectRESTService\PPProjectRESTService\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\petko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PPProjectRESTService\PPProjectRESTService\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\petko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PPProjectRESTService\PPProjectRESTService\obj\Debug\PPProjectRESTService.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\petko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PPProjectRESTService\PPProjectRESTService\obj\Debug\PPProjectRESTService.dll
c:\users\petko\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PPProjectRESTService\PPProjectRESTService\obj\Debug\PPProjectRESTService.pdb
